Improve and update windows text in INSTALL.md (#5595)
gap-system/gap: INSTALL.md

languages. These drivers catch the ^ character to produce the French circumflex
accent and do not pass it properly to GAP. For macOS users, as a workaround
please refer to the section "GAP for macOS" below for information on
how to install readline and section 5 on how to recompile GAP, for Windows no
fix is known. (One can type `POW(a,b)` for `a^b`.)

## Problems specific to Windows

> The best way to use GAP in Windows is to use the "Windows Subsystem for Linux"

Reviewer: Elsewhere in this file we write "If you are using the `.exe` installer (which we strongly recommend),"

Which sounds as if it contradicts this. Well, it doesn't really (that sentence was meant to be in contrast to using the `.zip` file version, which we don't provide anymore I think), but a fresh reader can't know that. I guess we should adjust that other place then perhaps?

> ( https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install ), also known as WSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(<https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install>), also known as WSL.
```

This can be found in the "Microsoft Store" in Windows, and allows you to install

> a full copy of Ubuntu. You can then follow the guidance for building and using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a full copy of Linux. You can then follow the guidance for building and using
```

Author: I mean ubuntu here, as that's actually what you have to go look for (Ubuntu), and Ubuntu is by far the best supported OS in WSL (I've tried others and they are always fragile).

Reviewer: Then maybe explain it as such? The text as written is ok for someone who already knows what Linux and Ubuntu are, but my experience is that an average Windows user does not understand how these things relate...

GAP in Linux inside WSL.

> We also support building GAP using 'Cygwin', which is a UNIX wrapper for

Reviewer: Note that we write "Unix" not "UNIX" elsewhere in this document, maybe align it?

Also, "wrapper" an adequate term here? Perhaps like this?
```suggestion
We also support building GAP using 'Cygwin', which emulates a Unix environment on
```

> Windows. Cygwin is used for making Windows release. Almost all packages are
> supported in the Windows releases.

Reviewer: I feel "Windows release" could be misunderstood. Maybe like this
```suggestion
Windows. Cygwin is used for making the Windows installers for GAP.
Almost all packages are supported in these GAP releases for Windows.
```
Although I wonder about that final sentence, what is it meant to convey to the user? It seems to presuppose that users will assume some packages won't work, but new user have no reason to do that, to the contrary; so I think this sentence will primarily trigger the reaction "wait, some packages are not supported?! Which? And why?"

So maybe just drop that sentence, or else expand it?

Author: Will drop it -- older users might expect many packages to not work (as they didn't used to), but I agree ther eis no need to say that here.

By default the Windows release reads and writes files from the user's
"Documents" directory.

The Windows release can be installed globally for all users, or just for the

> current user. This is the best way to install GAP on a machine where you do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current user. The latter is the best way to install GAP on a machine where you do
```

## Problems specific to Windows

The best way to use GAP in Windows is to use the "Windows Subsystem for Linux",
also known as WSL. This can be found in the "Microsoft Store" in Windows, and
allows you to install a full copy of Ubuntu. You can then follow the guidance

> for building and using GAP in Linux inside WSL.

Reviewer: Perhaps include a link to instructions like https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install

We also support building GAP using 'Cygwin', which is a UNIX wrapper for
Windows. Cygwin is used for making Windows release. Almost all packages are
supported in the Windows releases.

By default the Windows release reads and writes files from the user's
"Documents" directory.

> The windows release can be installed globally for all users, or just for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows release can be installed globally for all users, or just for the
```
